fix: workaround for Firefox bug with scrollHeight (#353)
Andarist/react-textarea-autosize: .changeset/loud-boats-judge.md

---
'react-textarea-autosize': patch
---

> Workaround for Firefox scrollHeight bug affecting textarea height on dynamic toggle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workaround for Firefox `scrollHeight` bug affecting textarea's height on a dynamic toggle
```
